
The new Yahoo Transport (yahoo-transport-2)
   Paul Curtis .....
  $Id: README,v 1.2 2003/10/01 15:12:39 pcurtis Exp $

The author would like to acknowledge the efforts of the Gaim authors,
specifically those programmers who work on the Yahoo plugin. All of the Yahoo
protocol handling is taken from the Gaim Yahoo plugin. Many thanks to them
all.

In addition, in the current version, many thanks must also be given to the
programmers on the Trillian team, as they were instrumental in decoding the
new Yahoo authentication protocol, and freely providing to the Gaim team.


29 September, 2003
In version 2.2.0, several items have added and changed.

  The user XML files ahd a limitation using a SHA hash of the user's JID as
  the file name. This made the user's XML file name case dependent. This was
  not a major problem, but could cause issues when a Jabber user
  re-registered with the transport, and used a different case for their JID.
  A patch provided by maqi has been included in this release.

  The composing events from the Yahoo clients is correctly passed on to the
  Jabber client. On Jabber clients that have the 'composing' event indicated,
  the transport provides the 'composing' events to the Jabber clients.
  However, this feature is currently only implemented from Yahoo to the
  Jabber clients, and not the other way. I hope to have that available soon.

  The transport also now handles new mail notifications from Yahoo. If the
  user has a Yahoo e-mail account, a message will be sent to the Jabber
  client when a new e-mail has arrived. In addition, when the user initially
  logs into the Yahoo transport, a message will be sent with the number of
  unread e-mails in the user's Yahoo inbox. To enable this feature, a new
  element must be added to the Yahoo transport's XML configuration. The
  "<newmail/>" element must be added for the notifications to be sent from
  the transport. See the example configuration file included in the transport
  source code.

  The transport now supports Service Discovery (JEP-0030)

  The registration instructions are now configurable. See the example 
  configuration XML file an example. This element is REQUIRED for
  the transport to start correctly.

  The browsable name of the transport is now configurable. The
  vCard/Name element in the configuration is REQUIRED. This will
  allow the server administrator to have the name used by
  browse/disco appear in a different language.

